trying to rescue a little what
the videos that had the other channel that
I bring you a link that the video did
a while ago but I did not do it in hd
in the old channel and is how to get
infinite money infinite de monet with
idea of ​​experts remember that for the
day of space 1 there was already a link in which
you got infinite credits too
and this
back where we came from is in the
chapter 3 when you enter as a
flag you see in the video also not
you have loss and you get high speak a
bunch of kids those little kids
what is going
they are screaming and jumping and others and if you
you see there are two windows with some
small blocks toy boxes
in you below them we have some
cards that are then 200 300
credits etc. well then what I just
do is make me a lot on the ground and
I'm taking them
works collect those that conform with you
with me I cry I do it as well as
I said or come back with the part
volunteers come or you can be with
costs to go up the elevator that
now later you go
you see him
the biggest bucs I've seen in the
story of the game there's a lot because to
see there is another
there is another pair of bed bugs
in this game there are another couple of mistakes
that has not infinities and also
I have it on my channel +
because everything in an amount between
reproductions and visits and likes
that is, it has been very helpful
especially for the impossibly
remember a mode that is quite solid
since we can only save from
amount three times then the truth
but not to die for example I saved in the
chapter 7 by my first grief
must go to die before 1 to 7 is a
authentic burrada
and there are people because without money what
we buy here I'll buy sides
and others and the truth because they cost them
more today this ship is the help that
we all need for the impossible way
answering that you are wrong to
top with nodes with di with credits for
other sections of who and others I over
Anyway, it's the key to the
nodes equal to force
and nothing good guys I have here with the
weekend
but we like the unit is the hdmi
do not forget to comment subscribe
ilike please and favorites if you have
liked that above all is the most
important above all remember that
although it seems to you that my channel is new
it is not that it is not yes that is what
only thing that happens is that on the other channel
that had 420 subscribers when requesting
the partner
It seems that I have had a problem with
adsense is and I have not been able to
achieve my goal of being a partner
from YouTube
but well I do not get discouraged if later
you can try this account
despite having asked for an explanation
respect
to the lack that I said I had not me
has entered
an application and so on because it seems to be
that according to them
there is a misuse of the adsense account
the more so when it's not like that because I do not
I have no need with 420
subscribers and 300 thousand reproductions of
video that I had from the other channel that
done I still have that channel I follow
I will continue being an active artist of
brito it happens that I do not go to my
I 'm not going to be able to fulfill this objective
but good new good new us
I entertain more remember line favorites and
nothing we see our support and even the
Boys
d
no no
good